The Singing Walrus. Let's count from ten to twenty.
[intro music]
Let's count from ten to twenty
Ten, eleven, twelve
thirteen, fourteen, fifteen
sixteen, seventeen, eighteen
nineteen and twenty
Ten, eleven, twelve
thirteen, fourteen, fifteen
sixteen, seventeen, eighteen
nineteen, and twenty!
Let's count from ten to twenty
[UFO sound]
Now swing your arms
Shake your hips
Stomp your feet
and clap with me
[clap, clap, clap]
ten, eleven, twelve
thirteen, fourteen, fifteen
sixteen, seventeen, eighteen
nineteen, and twenty!
Ten, eleven, twelve
thirteen, fourteen, fifteen
sixteen, seventeen, eighteen
nineteen, and twenty!
Let's count from ten to twenty
[music fading]